docs: update operational docs for refund section and withdrawal updates for FP (#409)
babylonlabs-io/finality-provider: docs/finality-provider-operation.md

   4. [Starting the Finality Provider Daemon](#54-starting-the-finality-provider-daemon)
6. [Finality Provider Operation](#6-finality-provider-operations)
   1. [Create Finality Provider](#61-create-finality-provider)
   2. [Rewards and Refunding](#62-rewards-and-refunding)
   3. [Start Finality Provider](#63-start-finality-provider)
   4. [Statuses of Finality Provider](#64-statuses-of-finality-provider)

>    5. [Editing your finality provider](#65-editing-your-finality-provider)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. [Edit Finality Provider](#65-edit-finality-provider)
```

  transaction, which you can use to verify the success of the transaction
  on the Babylon chain.

### 6.2 Rewards and Refunding

Rewards are accumulated in a reward gauge, and a finality provider becomes
eligible for a rewards gauge when it meets certain conditions, such as
having an `ACTIVE` status, participating in voting, and obtaining
delegations. The distribution of rewards is based on the provider's
voting power portion relative to other voters.

#### 6.2.1 Querying Rewards

To query rewards of a given stakeholder address, use the following command.

```shell
fpd reward-gauges <address>
```

Parameters:

* `<address>`: The Babylon address of the stakeholder in bech32 string.

#### 6.2.2 Withdraw Rewards

> This command will withdraw all accumulated rewards. The `fpd` must be **stopped**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fpd withdraw-reward` command will withdraw all accumulated rewards of the given
finality provider. The `fpd` must be **stopped**
```

before performing this action as it uses the registered key as the operational
key. If the operator follows the steps in

> [6.2.4 Refunding finality provider](#624-refunding-finality-provider)

Reviewer: Maybe we can put `fpd must be stopped...` as an important note after we show how the command is executed where we can say `Otherwise, account sequence mismatch error might be encountered because the key used for sending the withdrawal transaction is under use by the finality provider sending operational transaction. This issue will be resolved after following the setup instructions in 6.2.4....`

this will not cause any issues.

Once the `fpd` is stopped, run the following to withdraw rewards.
The finality provider must first be active and have sent finality votes to be
eligible to receive rewards.

```shell
fpd withdraw-reward <type> --from <registered-bbn-address>
--keyring-backend test --home <home-dir> --fees <fees>
```

Parameters:

* `<type>`: The type of reward to withdraw (one of `finality_provider`,
  `btc_delegation`)

> * `--from`: The finality provider's registered Babylon address.
> * `<registered-bbn-address>`: Address rewards are withdrawn to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--from <registered-bbn-address>`: The finality provider's BABY address used in registration.
```

* `--keyring-backend`: The keyring backend to use.
* `--home`: The home directory for the finality provider.
* `--fees`: The fees to pay for the transaction, should be over `400ubbn`.
  These fees are paid from the account specified in `--from`.

Again, this command should ask to
`confirm transaction before signing and broadcasting [y/N]:` and output the
transaction hash.

This will withdraw **ALL** accumulated rewards to the address you set in the
`set-withdraw-addr` command if you set one. If no withdrawal address was set,

> the rewards will be withdrawn to your finality provider address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the rewards will be withdrawn to the finality provider's BABY address used in registration.
```

--keyring-backend test --home <home-dir> --fees <fees>
```

Parameters:

* `<beneficiary-address>`: Corresponds to the beneficiary key and is where
  withdraw rewards are sent to.
* `<registered-bbn-address>`: Corresponds to the key used in registration and is where
  withdraw rewards are sent to by default if no other address is set via `set-withdraw-addr`
* `--from`: The finality provider's registered Babylon address.
* `--keyring-backend`: The keyring backend to use.
* `--home`: The home directory for the finality provider.
* `--fees`: The fees to pay for the transaction, should be over `400ubbn`.
  These fees are paid from the account specified in `--from`.

This command should ask to
`confirm transaction before signing and broadcasting [y/N]:` and output the
transaction hash.

### 6.2.4 Refunding finality provider

To support the gas costs associated with committing randomness, which are not
refunded by the protocol, we recommend setting up a refunding flow.
This involves periodically transferring rewards from a beneficiary key to the
operational key used by the finality provider.

#### How to set up the refunding process

1. Ensure you have two keys:

>    * Beneficiary Key: Receives staking rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Beneficiary Key: Receives finality provider rewards.
```

   * Operational Key: Used by the finality provider daemon to submit transactions.

>   If this step hasnt been completed, follow the steps in
>   [5.2 Add key for the Babylon account](#52-add-key-for-the-babylon-account) and
>   create 2 additional keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Follow the steps in
  [5.2 Add key for the Babylon account](#52-add-key-for-the-babylon-account) and
  create 2 additional keys.
```

2. **Configure Withdrawals**:
  Ensure the withdraw address is set to the beneficiary key using the

>   `set-withdraw-addr` command.

Reviewer: Let's add a reference to `6.2.3 Set Withdraw Address`

  This sets the withdraw address to the beneficiary key to enable

>   withdrawing rewards periodically.

Reviewer: Don't think this sentence is necessary. This basically repeats the last sentence and `periodically` part should be done by a cron job

> 3. **Fund the Operational Key**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Setup the Operational Key**:
```

  Set the operational key name in the keyring home directory in the
  `[babylon]` config in `fpd.conf`.

4. **Add a cron job**:

>   Add a cron job to transfer funds from the beneficiary key to the operational
>   key as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Add a cron job to (1) execute the `withdraw-reward` commands periodically to withdraw funds to the beneficiary address periodically, and (2) transtransfer funds from the beneficiary key to the operational
key as needed.
```

> Only maintain the minimum balance required for finality provider operations in
> the operational key. Excess funds should be kept in more secure storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only maintain the minimum balance required for finality provider operations in
the operational key as this is a hot key. Excess funds should be kept safely in the benefiary address.
```

We'd better add some statistics here in case people ask how much funds should be reserved for operations. For reference:
```
in general committing randomnes should have basically constant cost and it relatievely cheak https://testnet.babylon.explorers.guru/transaction/FFFFE4E56DA3C5062D443A632483795F5F308CC5730DC6BF5FAF8421091450BF?height=687895. Given that it costs 0.000130BBN per commit, it seems something between 5-10bbn for operations should be enough for a long time
```

### 6.3. Start Finality Provider

> After successful registration, you may start the finality provider instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful registration and properly set up your operational keys, you may start
the finality provider instance
```

  transaction, which you can use to verify the success of the transaction
  on the Babylon chain.

### 6.2 Rewards and Refunding

Rewards are accumulated in a reward gauge, and a finality provider becomes
eligible for a rewards gauge when it meets certain conditions, such as
having an `ACTIVE` status, participating in voting, and obtaining
delegations. The distribution of rewards is based on the provider's
voting power portion relative to other voters.

#### 6.2.1 Querying Rewards

To query rewards of a given stakeholder address, use the following command.

```shell
fpd reward-gauges <address>
```

Parameters:

* `<address>`: The Babylon address of the stakeholder in bech32 string.

#### 6.2.2 Withdraw Rewards

This command will withdraw all accumulated rewards. The `fpd` must be **stopped**
before performing this action as it uses the registered key as the operational
key. If the operator follows the steps in

> [6.2.4 Refunding finality provider](#624-refunding-finality-provider)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6.2.4 Refund finality provider](#624-refund-finality-provider)
```
nit

#### How to set up the refunding process

1. Ensure you have two keys:
   * Beneficiary Key: Receives finality provider rewards.
   * Operational Key: Used by the finality provider daemon to submit transactions.

  Follow the steps in
  [5.2 Add key for the Babylon account](#52-add-key-for-the-babylon-account) and
  create 2 additional keys.

2. **Configure Withdrawals**:
  Ensure the withdraw address is set to the beneficiary key using the
  `set-withdraw-addr` command see [6.2.3 Set Withdraw Address](#623-set-withdraw-address).

3. **Setup the Operational Key**:
  Set the operational key name in the keyring home directory in the
  `[babylon]` config in `fpd.conf`.

4. **Add a cron job**:
  Add a cron job to (1) execute the `withdraw-reward` commands in
  ([6.2.2 Withdraw Rewards](#622-withdraw-rewards)) periodically
  to withdraw funds to the beneficiary address periodically, and (2) transfer
  funds from the beneficiary key to the operational key as needed.

Only maintain the minimum balance required for finality provider operations in
the operational key as this is a hot key. Excess funds should be kept safely
in the benefiary address.

> > 💡 **Tip**: In general, committing randomness relates to the number of
> > randomness in a commit. This cost is around 5-10bbn for operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 **Tip**: Committing randomness has a constant cost of `0.000130BBN` per commit. Therefore,
> reserving `5-10bbn` for operations should be enough for a long time.
```

For more information on statuses please refer to diagram in the core documentation
[fp-core](fp-core.md).

> ### 6.5 Edit your finality provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 6.5. Edit Finality Provider
```

* `<address>`: The Babylon address of the stakeholder in bech32 string.

> #### 6.7.2 Set Withdraw Address

Reviewer: I was thinking maybe we should put `Withdraw Rewards` ahead of `Set Withdraw Address` as the latter is optional.

> To recover the local status of a finality provider, use the following command:

Reviewer: This is still leftover and we should mention that this is optional

```shell

> fpd set-withdraw-addr <operational-address> --from <registered-bbn-address>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fpd set-withdraw-addr <beneficiary-address> --from <registered-bbn-address>
```
Just to be general here

--keyring-backend test --home <home-dir> --fees <fees>
```

Parameters:

> * `<operational-address>`: Corresponds to the operational key and is where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<beneficiary-address>`: Corresponds to the benefiary key and is where
```

>   withdraw rewards are sent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  withdraw rewards are sent to.
```

`confirm transaction before signing and broadcasting [y/N]:` and output the
transaction hash.

Once the address is set, be sure to set the operational key name in the
keyring home directory in the `[babylon]` config in `fpd.conf`.

> Important: The `fpd` must be stopped before performing this function.

Once the `fpd` is stopped, run the following to withdraw rewards.
The finality provider must first be active and have voting power to proceed and
recieve rewards.

```shell

> fpd withdraw-reward <type> --from <operational-address>

Reviewer: IIRC withdraw-reward should be from `registered-bbn-address` and the benefiary is the `operational-address`.

`confirm transaction before signing and broadcasting [y/N]:` and output the
transaction hash.

#### 6.7.3 Withdraw Rewards

Once the address is set, be sure to set the operational key name in the

> keyring home directory in the `[babylon]` config in `fpd.conf`.

Reviewer: Think we can cut this as this should be part of 6.8

> ⚠️ **Important**: The `fpd` must be stopped before performing this function.

> Once the `fpd` is stopped, run the following to withdraw rewards.

Reviewer: The reason this could be encountered is due to using the registered key as the operational key. If the user follows 6.8, they don't need to stop `fpd`. We can add this note with reference here

> The finality provider must first be active and have voting power to proceed and
> recieve rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The finality provider must first be active and have sent finality votes to be eligible to
receive rewards.
```

* `<type>`: The type of reward to withdraw (one of `finality_provider`,
  `btc_delegation`)
* `--from`: The finality provider's registered Babylon address.
* `<registered-bbn-address>`: Corresponds to the operational key and is where

>   withdraw rewards are sent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<registered-bbn-address>`: Corresponds to the key used in registration and is where
  withdraw rewards are sent to by default if no other address is set via `set-withdraw-addr`
```

### 6.8 Refunding finality provider

To support the gas costs associated with committing randomness, which are not
refunded by the protocol, we recommend setting up a refunding flow.
This involves periodically transferring rewards from a beneficiary key to the
operational key used by the finality provider.

**How to set up the refunding process:**

1. Ensure you have two keys:
   * Beneficiary Key: Receives staking rewards.
   * Operational Key: Used by the finality provider daemon to submit transactions.

  If this step hasnt been completed, follow the steps in
  [5.2 Add key for the Babylon account](#52-add-key-for-the-babylon-account) and
  create 2 additional keys.

2. Configure Withdrawals:
  To set the withdraw address to the beneficiary key, use the following command:

  ```shell
  fpd set-withdraw-addr <beneficiary-key> --from <registered-bbn-address>
  --keyring-backend test --home <home-dir> --fees <fees>
  ```

  This sets the withdraw address to the beneficiary key to enable
  withdrawing rewards periodically.

3. Fund the Operational Key:
  Lastly, set the operational key name in the keyring home directory in the

>   `[babylon]` config in `fpd.conf`.

Reviewer: We need another step where the operator needs to create a cron job to periodically fund the operational key

> ⚠️ **Important**: The `fpd` must be stopped before performing this function.

Once the `fpd` is stopped, run the following to withdraw rewards.
The finality provider must first be active and have voting power to proceed and

> recieve rewards.

Reviewer: Can cut as already covered by 6.7.2

Add a cron job to transfer funds from the beneficiary key to the operational

> key as needed.

Reviewer: This should be in Step 3

```go
type StoredFinalityProvider struct {
 FPAddr          string
 BtcPk           *btcec.PublicKey
 Description     *stakingtypes.Description
 Commission      *sdkmath.LegacyDec
 ChainID         string
 LastVotedHeight uint64

>  Status          proto.FinalityProviderStatus

Reviewer: This part should not be changed
